Add missing React 19 results (#53)
zachleat/zachleat.com: _posts/2024-01-31-good-bad-web-components.md

>       <td class="no">No</td>
>       <td class="no">67%</td>
>     </tr>
>     <tr>
>       <td>{% indieAvatar "https://19.react.dev/" %}React 19 RC</td>
>       <td class="no">No</td>
>       <td class="no">No</td>
>       <td class="no">100%</td>
>     </tr>

Author: if [this PR will wait on React 19 release](https://github.com/zachleat/zachleat.com/pull/53#issuecomment-2339251438), then this would be the more minimal diff

```suggestion
      <td class="no">No</td>
      <td class="no">100%</td>
    </tr>
```

	* [{% indieAvatar "https://lit.dev/" %}Lit](https://lit.dev/)
	* [{% indieAvatar "https://enhance.dev/" %}Enhance](https://enhance.dev/)
	* [{% indieAvatar "https://www.11ty.dev/" %}WebC](https://www.11ty.dev/docs/languages/webc/)

> * React (versions before v19) has the worst [`custom-elements-everywhere.com`](https://custom-elements-everywhere.com/) compatibility test score. If you’re deep in React-world, look at using React v19 or [{% indieAvatar "https://preactjs.com/" %}Preact](https://preactjs.com/) to provide a more future-friendly and compatible experience.

Author: if [this PR will wait on React 19 release](https://github.com/zachleat/zachleat.com/pull/53#issuecomment-2339251438), then this would be the more minimal diff

```suggestion
* Old React versions have the worst [`custom-elements-everywhere.com`](https://custom-elements-everywhere.com/) compatibility test score. If you’re deep in React-world, upgrade to the latest React version or [{% indieAvatar "https://preactjs.com/" %}Preact](https://preactjs.com/) to provide a more future-friendly and compatible experience.
```
